The assembly should be fairly straightforward once you have all the parts printed and PCB at hand:

1. prepare the PCB by inserting 20 key switches in correct orientation to the top side of the PCB (copyright
   text on top side), solder the switches on the bottom side

2. insert the Teensy 4.0 with headers onto the PCB, solder every pin on the bottom side

3. take the 3d printed "base" model, use soldering iron to push in the heat set inserts into place
   (if unsure, search in internet on how to do it)

4. prepare the thumb section wire holes by making sure that they are open and you may need to widen them
   a little bit for step (3)

5. prepare the 3 thumb keys by soldering wires onto the key switches (2 wires each), do not trim the wires
   yet and make sure to solder the wire inline with the pin to make the whole thing very narrow so that it
   fits through the 3d printed part

6. put the thumb key wires through the holes in the thumb key section and route the cables underneath

7. align the palm section with the base section (screw holes should align), continue routing the cables
   coming from the thumb section through the routing holes on the right side, the wires should reach the
   last section (on the top) and have a little bit of extra room to manouver for soldering

8. take the PCB and lay it on top of the base just to see how everything lines up, screw holes should line up
   and the placement for the Teensy 4.0 should be on the top left with it's USB port facing left

9. once everything looks right, take one cable coming from each thumb key and push them all from under the PCB
   (top side is the one with the copyright texts) so that they go through the TGND1 hole and come top the top side
   of PCB, leave some extra and trim the wires

10. peel a little bit of the end of the wire and solder all three wires to the TGND1

11. repeat steps 6-8 for the other wires coming from the thumb section, but this time solder one wire to each of
   T0, T1, T2. In the end you should have one wire from each thumb key to TGND1 and one wire to one of T0, T1, or T2

12. align the PCB to the base so that the screw holes match the heat set inserts

13. align the palm section with the heat set inserts as well

14. put the top section on top everything and screw everything together with 4 screws, this step may be a little bit tedious

15. slap on key caps of your liking (3D printed ones or regular Cherry MX compatible key caps)

Done. Next step is to load the keyboard software to it and it's ready to go. See the text file in software for howto.


